Memory Limit in subsetting (#132)
snaplet/docs: docs/04-references/data-operations/04-reduce.md

:::

:::note Limitations

> Note that currently during subsetting we are keeping all the forgein keys in memory. This means that the more forgein keys you have in your subset, the more memory will be consumed by subsetting. The currently the CLI is limited to 2GB or 4GB of RAM depending on your system. We are working on a solution for this. We plan on having a solution before end of March 2023. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When subsetting we calculate which rows to copy and keep them in memory. This means that the more rows you have in your subset, the more memory will be consumed. The currently the CLI is limited to 2GB. This is temporary issue which will be resolved in Q1 2023.
```
